updated discover with alt text (#77660)
elastic/kibana: docs/canvas/canvas-tutorial.asciidoc

. To replace the Elastic logo with your own image, select the image, then use the editor.

[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/canvas-image-element.png[Image showing logo editor]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::images/canvas-image-element.png[Image showing how to add the image element]
```

.. Click *Run*.

[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/canvas-metric-element.png[image displaying changes to canvas workpad]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::images/canvas-metric-element.png[Image showing changes to the Canvas workpad]
```

.. From the *Y-axis* drop-down lists, select *Value*, then select *taxless_total_price*.

[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/canvas-chart-element.png[Image showing canvas workpad with sample data graph]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::images/canvas-chart-element.png[Image showing Canvas workpad with sample data graph]
```

. To use the date time field from the sample data, enter `order_date` in the *Column* field, then click *Set*.

[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/canvas-timefilter-element.png[Image showing canvas workpad with filtered sample data graph]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::images/canvas-timefilter-element.png[Image showing Canvas workpad with filtered sample data graph]
```
